Finally, let's briefly talk about password policies.
You definitely should have one.
But in my view, the passport policies are often done the wrong.
To prevent brute force attacks.
The most important are the passwords, the length and the range of characters.
The shorter the password and the less amount of different channels it contains, the shorter it takes
to crack it.
These are examples of weak passwords.
The first one is obviously weak.
It only has five jars and only lowercase letters.
The second one is long, which is good, but with only two different jars.
It is very inefficient as well.
The last password seems secure, but it only has a set of common special characters no letters and numbers,
so it's still insecure.
So currently it is believed that the password should contain at least ten characters, but it's only
to satisfy people who have troubles with inventing longer passwords.
12 or 16 would be ideal as the passwords length really does the job.
Every next character makes it much more difficult to break, if only it's not a repeated character.
Encourage your users to choose longer passwords.
Also, you should encourage them to use characters from at least three of the following groups lowercase
letters, uppercase letters, digits, and special characters.
That is at least any of those.
In fact, the passports should accept any type of character.
Requiring characters from at least 3/1 groups would allow you to make a quick and dirty gate to hold
off passwords that are plainly too weak.
But if you want to take it seriously, you can go a little bit further and implement a password checking
library like Vertex.
CTB When it takes into consideration not only the length and character range, but also the characters
are repeated or are in alphabetic or keyboard pattern like ABC, PDF or Rosetta keyboard, which is
a keyboard pattern found on western keyboards.
Also, it will try to catch those that seems like common words or names, but unfortunately for this
particular feature, it will primarily consider English words and the Western names only.
Anyway, that's all better than nothing.
The script will also provide a detailed report which you might use to give feedback to your users when
they are setting up their passwords.
Now, what I hate in basalt policies is rejecting every person that I will be able to remember as to
week.
The passport policy that is too restrictive may end with frustrating your users and leading them to
abandon the registration process or users writing their overly complicated passwords on Post-it notes
or storing them somewhere in plaintext.
Both of these is undesirable, and the latter actually weakens the security considerably.
Not everyone uses password managers, and these people should be guided to create a strong password,
but at the same time they must be able to register with a password.
They will be able to remember.
Forcing a new buzzword too often is another thing that I hate.
This particular feature is not only annoying, but it gives a very false sense of security because what
people do, they usually just change the last number.
So the bus or these Isle of Apples one for January.
I love apples too, for February.
I love Apple's three four March, etc. or the modified the password in some other way, but a slightly
is possible to still be able to remember it.
As a result, the buzzword strength is roughly the same on each iteration.
And the old password leaks.
The new password is trivial to guess.